# Code of practice for students

## Unassessed work

When doing unassessed work in the lab or elsewhere, you are allowed, and even encouraged, to collaborate, provided everybody learns from this experience. This excludes only the Practice Test (see below).

## Tests

This includes the unassessed Practice Test and the assessed Tests 1 and 2.

Plagiarism will not be tolerated: it is unfair to the other students and prevents students from learning, and would give them a mark they don't deserve, and qualifications they don't deserve, hence being unfair to Society as a whole too. Please behave well and reward the module lecturers and TA's by submitting your own, hard work.

 * We will regularly use the [moss](https://theory.stanford.edu/~aiken/moss/) system for detecting software similarity in assessed work. A peer reviewed publication explains [how it works](http://theory.stanford.edu/~aiken/publications/papers/sigmod03.pdf).

When the module lecturers decide that there is evidence of plagiarism, the case will be forwarded to the Senior Tutor, who will look at the evidence and apply penalties and warnings, or, if necessary, forward this to the University.

 * [University regulations on plagiarism](https://intranet.birmingham.ac.uk/as/studentservices/conduct/plagiarism/index.aspx).

 * [University regulations on the use of generative AI tools ethically for study](https://intranet.birmingham.ac.uk/student/libraries/asc/student-guidance-gai.aspx)

   The Code of Practice stipulates that you **cannot** use the output of Generative AI (i.e., the content it creates) in any assessment, unless explicitly authorised. This means you would be breaching the Code of Practice if you submit work generated by these tools as your own, or incorporate it into your own work, without explicit permission.

   In this module Functional Programming, we don't give such permission. We would just like to point out that the module team can quite easily identify solutions generated in this manner and will take appropriate action with the Senior Tutor and the Plagiarism Officer.

Go back to [Table of Contents](/README.md#table-of-contents).
